Team Randos
Meeting Minutes
April 23,2018

Meeting Time: 10am- 11am online

Present: Peter, Brian, Wilson, Justyn

Absent:None 


Talked About:
     Went over what we plan to do for our presentation (google slides, group collaboration).
     Decided to present on May 7th.


Completed Since Last Meeting:

Wilson: Started slides but Justyn seems to have done a lot. (#143)
Peter: Did presentation to CSE115 kids. 
Brian: Maybe fixed edit location bug (#156)
Justyn: Began working on Profile Picture feature (#154)(#155). Began working on slides for final presentation.(#143)

By Wednesday:
Wilson: Fix bugs (#151) (#159 isnâ€™t major but will look into it)
Justyn: Continue working on slides.
Peter: help on slides. (#143)

To do by next meeting (Monday):
Wilson: Be ready to present. Look through feature requests and implement the possible ones.
Peter: fix any bugs that appear. Check on lower api compatibility. (#127) help on slides for presentation.
Brian: Help with slides
Justyn: Finish slides for final presentation. Complete profile picture feature. Look into login bug #159. Also look into creating times for events #150.


